[terra-form-select] Fix behaviour wrt announcing selected/not selected state (#3825)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-form-select/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

* Added

>   * Added documentation updates for `Single Select`.

Reviewer: Same as my other comment on the `terra-core-docs` CHANGELOG, this does not need to be included in the `terra-form-select` CHANGELOG.

# Changelog

* Changed
  * Removed aria-checked to make screen readers announce Selected in `terra-form-select`.

>   * Updated focus to shift back on select upon key press or mouse click event while using Safari browser in `terra-form-select`.

Reviewer 2: Nit :
```suggestion
  * Updated focus to shift back on `select` upon key press or mouse click event on `terra-form-single-select` in Safari browser.
```
